when it comes to building AI agents the
internet is filled with guides but the
problem is most of them just get you
started with the bare bones and nothing
more and don't get me wrong these kind
of guides are really useful and valuable
especially if you are just getting
started with a topic I mean I make them
myself all the time but I just know that
you are looking for more you want to
know how to build the best of the best
when it comes to AI agents and you don't
want it to be overly complex either if
that is you then you are in luck cuz I
have something very special for you
today over the past few days I've been
pouring my heart and soul into building
an AI agent that I honestly think is the
most powerful one that I've shared on my
channel yet we're going to be doing a
deep dive into using pantic AI my
favorite agent framework with Lang graph
an incredible agentic workflow tool to
unlock an infinite number of
possibilities building AI agent systems
that can really do anything I mean in
this video we are literally going to be
building an agent that can make other AI
agents it's pretty insane also in my
last video on agentic workflows I teased
an implementation that I wanted to do
with pantic AI and Lang graph and a ton
of you said it was a really good idea so
here it is in my mind using pantic AI
with Lang graph together is an absolute
GameChanger and over the course of this
video and future ones I'm going to be
breaking it down for you to make it
super clear both why we're doing it this
way and also how we can use these
Frameworks together I'll also be
covering a fair warning with using these
kind of setups why this matters you even
if you're not a coder how we can do
everything locally with these agentic
flows and I want to share with you some
big plans that I got coming up in the
near future I have not had this much fun
building AI agents in a long time now
super exciting stuff so let's go ahead
and dive right into it okay so before we
get way ahead of ourselves and start
building an AI agent let's get grounded
into what pedantic Ai and L graph do for
us and why they work so well together so
starting here with pantic AI it is a
python agent from framework that makes
it super easy to build AI agents while
still giving us all of the
customizability and control that we need
to manage everything with our agents
like the testing the function calling
and the chat history and really with
pantic AI you're able to build any AI
agent that you could possibly want and
So within their documentation here they
have a really good example that I
reference a lot with their weather agent
right here so I'll have the
documentation Linked In the description
you can check out this agent yourself CU
it really breaks down in a clear way
the three different parts that go into
building any agent with pantic AI and
honestly these three parts could be
applied to any framework as well and so
you start off with your dependencies and
so these are the things that your agent
needs like API keys or database
connections to do things on your behalf
and then the part number two is the
definition of the agent itself including
things like the system prompt and the
large language model that you are using
for your agent and then the last part of
every agent you build with pantic AI and
this is what takes up most of your code
is the functions for the actual tools
that allow your agent to do things on
your behalf like query a database use
your Gmail or in this case get the
weather for a specific location so that
is pantic AI our AI agent Builder now
moving on to Lang graph Lang graph is
not a framework to build AI agents that
would overlap way too much with pantic
AI there be no reason to use both
instead it is an orchestrator it is a
way to take AI agents that you've built
with something like pantic Ai and
combine them together in a workflow so
that they can actually work together and
reason together about the same problem
that they are tackling or the same
conversation with a user so if you
scroll down a little bit in their
homepage here they explain it very well
it's an expressive and customizable
agent workflow Builder and the very
important thing with Lang graph here is
they have lowlevel abstractions and
essentially all that means is they don't
try to do way too much for you there are
Frameworks out there like crew AI that
are really cool because they have high
level abstractions they do a ton for you
so that in the end you write a lot less
code but the problem with that is you
will hit a wall using those kind of
Frameworks where you don't have the
controller customizability to really get
into the intricate developments of the
AI agents that you are building and this
kind of ties into what I was talking
about pantic AI as well cuz both Lang
graph and pantic AI they have these
low-level abstractions you still have
all of the control that you need and
that's what is so important about using
both of these tools and also using them
together because you have all your
agents built with pantic AI and then you
connect them together with Lang graph
and that's what we're going to be doing
in this video and I even have a quick
example to show you here right from the
Lang chain blog so they have this
research agent that can generate charts
that is using Lang graph under the hood
to basically connect all of these nodes
together so I have a more zoomed in view
that we can take a look at right here
you can think about it as these agents
like the researcher the chart generator
the router these can all be large
language models that are each agents
built with pantic AI and then Lang graph
is the orchestrator it's what connects
all these things together so it defines
all the rules for all these arrows that
you see that are determining the flow of
this agentic workflow so the user comes
in with their requests like generate a
chart of the average temperature in
Alaska over the past decade there is a
lot that has to go into this for both
research and generating the chart so the
first message goes to the researcher
this is where it does things like get
temperature data for Alaska and then the
router decides if it has to do more
research or if it can go on to generate
the chart and then give the final answer
to the user and you can see here that
this whole flow is very
non-deterministic it's not always the
case that the researcher is going to get
exactly what it needs in the first try
and then it'll go to the chart generator
and that'll generate the chart perfectly
in the first try and then it's sent to
the user that's not going to happen most
of the time a lot of time there has to
be some iteration where Maybe you
research a couple times or you
regenerate the chart a couple of times
and the llm has that intelligence to
determine if that is necessary and all
that kind of non-deterministic flow in a
workflow combining these different
agents together is not easy to do
without something like L graph and then
creating these individual agents that
have the tools to do things like
research or generate charts that is not
easy without pantic AI or some other
similar framework and so this is how you
can kind of start to see the power of
combining these tools together to have
agents that are built very easily with a
flow that is managed very easily cuz all
of these connections are set up as
different nodes and edges in Lang graph
that's what we're going to dive into and
I'm going to make it super super clear
for you last thing before we dive into
what we're going to be building today
with pantic AI and L graph I want to
give you a fair warning for building
these kind of graph agent workflows so
we're over here back in the pantic AI
documentation they actually have
something similar to Lang graph they
have a dedicated page for this and they
have a warning for these kind of flows
and essentially it's just don't over
engineer there is a risk using these
kind of agentic workflows built as
graphs that you are over engineering and
it's overkill for what you are actually
trying to build and that's kind of what
they're saying here with don't use a
nail gun unless you actually need a nail
gun so they're powerful tools but
they're not the right tool for every job
what we're going to be building today I
do firmly believe is a powerful tool and
in general when you want to build super
robust agentic workflows with a lot of
Agents working together in
non-deterministic ways it is a really
good tool but I don't want to sit here
and try to tell you that this is the end
all be all when a lot of times it can be
Overkill I want to really emphasize that
and by the way if you're curious why I'm
not using graphs instead of L graph it's
simply because L graph is way more
evolved and has a lot more features some
of which we're going to be using today
so maybe at some point graphs will
evolve into something I can switch to I
mean in the end I'm just teaching
principles here I'm not getting tied to
one framework but right now we are using
Lane graph so that's everything for a
fair warning here um but don't get too
scared I mean graphs and agentic
workflows with graphs are still super
powerful for a ton of use cases so let's
dive into that now all right welcome to
archon this is an AI agent that builds
other AI agents all powered by you
guessed it pantic Ai and L graph and I'm
building this completely free and open
source for you for two big reasons the
first one is that this agent literally
builds other AI agents that use Lang
graph and pantic Ai and so you can use
this as a resource even if you are not a
coder to work with these Frameworks and
build everything that I'm teaching here
and so I'm actually going to be building
this out over time into something that
is super powerful and that gets into the
second reason that I'm building this in
the end pantic Ai and Lane graph are
both pretty easy to work with but the
kinds of things that you can build
combining them together in very powerful
ways are also going to be a bit more
complicated so it's not easy for me in
just a single YouTube video to create
some masterful agentic workflow and
share it with you using these two
Frameworks so instead archon is
something that I'm going to be
developing in iterations as a way to
teach you pantic Ai and Lang graph
starting with something more simple and
getting more complicated overtime in
future videos so you can follow along
starting simple and getting to the point
where you are a master at these two
Frameworks and using them together and
So currently we're on version two that's
what I'm going to going to show you how
to build today with Lang graph and
pantic AI version one that I have right
here is just a pantic AI agent so no l
graph and it can only build other pantic
AI agents and then we'll get into
version two in this video that actually
leverages an agentic workflow built with
both Frameworks that can build just
pantic AI agents so we're still getting
pretty simple here but starting to get
into agentic workflows and then we'll
get into one that can build both pantic
Ai and L graph agents and then a ton of
other ideas that I have here in my
vision for future iterations like self
feedback loops tool library integration
supporting other Frameworks like Lane
chain llama index and crew AI autonomous
framework learning oh there's so many
ideas that I have eventually I want to
turn this into something that can
actually be in an IDE like wind surf or
cursor I think that'd be so cool because
in the end using those tools right now
to build with pantic AI they completely
hallucinate because llms by themselves
when they're not in an agent like archon
that has access to the pantic AI
documentation they do not know how to
code with these Frameworks and so that
is the value of archon that I want to
turn into something in the end that'd be
super easy uh to use and very robust and
then even integrate with other things as
well in the future like Docker for
deployments Langs Smith mCP other
Frameworks other Vector databases
besides superbase a ton of ideas I'm
just so excited for this both for what
it can do for us helping us build agents
but also how it can allow me to teach
you in a very clear and concise
interative way how to work with these
two Frameworks and do some incredible
things all right let's get into the code
for archon and build some awesome things
with pantic AI and L graph so all of the
code that we're going to be going over
here and that I'll create with you I'll
have in that Aron GitHub repository that
I just showed you and of course I
wouldn't miss it I'll have a link to it
in the description as well and as
promised we're going to go iteratively
through building archon so you can
understand foundationally how pantic Ai
and L graph work how they work work
together and also so that you can
understand why you'd want to use these
more complex agentic workflow approaches
with graphs versus when you might
actually want to stay simple as well and
so version one we're going to start with
this here so I'm not getting right into
the meat of pantic AI and Lane graph cuz
I really want you to understand this
because version one is going to first of
all be a very good demonstration of how
to create an agent with just pantic AI
but then more importantly we're going to
look at its shortcomings and that will
help us understand understand why we'd
want to graduate into the more complex
other iterations of archon that'll be
continuing to build over time that will
leverage Lang graph as well so in the
folder right here for version one of
archon I have this readme which shows
you exactly how to get started with
specifically this version of archon and
it talks to what exactly is implemented
in this version as well and I'm going to
do that for every single version I have
in the iterations folder right here
going forward and all the code at this
point in time as well so that no matter
where you jump in in this journey of
archon even if it's version six you can
still go through all of the versions
iteratively to build on that Foundation
start very simple and then get more
complex as you work up to what version
we're actually on so that way you don't
have to jump in the deep and I mean
that's the point of me building this
iteratively in the first place here and
so that's why we're going to be starting
with version one right here and this is
actually based on the crawl for AI rag
agent that I've already built on my
channel so I'm going to go through that
pretty quickly here with version one
since I've already built it on my
channel so definitely check out that
video you certainly don't have to I'll
talk about it a little bit right here um
but it is pretty basic overall it's a
good idea for how to build a pantic AI
agent and so setting up the knowledge
base here all I do just like I did in
the other video on my channel is I fetch
the pantic AI documentation Pages using
the sitemap build that up as a list that
I then pass into crawl 4 AI to get the
contents for all of them in markdown and
then I chunk them all up and I put them
into super base so that I have it in my
knowledge base for rag using PG Vector
so I've really changed nothing for this
script at all and the readme talks about
running this and getting the database
set up and everything too and then for
the pantic AI agent again there are
three parts for any pantic AI agent you
have the dependencies which in this case
we just need superbase for Rag and then
the open AI client to create our
embeddings for rag then you have your
actual agent creation like I have right
here and then the rest of this code is
the third part which is just all the
tools that we want to give to our agent
um so that it can do things on our
behalf which in this case is looking up
things in the database and Performing
rag as well the other big thing that I
have right here is this massive system
prompt so this was the big thing that I
did to refactor because originally my
crawl for AI rag agent was just an agent
that could answer questions on the
pantic AI docs but I want to actually
leverage the docs now to build other
pantic AI agents and that's what I'm
telling it that it is in the system
prompt now and so I give it a a nice
goal here of creating pantic AI agents
using the documentations that it can
fetch with the tools that I give it I
Define a general structure for the
different files to create for each agent
that it makes and then a lot of
miscellaneous instructions just to make
sure that it's not hallucinating in
certain ways and that it's following
using the tools that I give it um so
it's actually grounding its truth in the
documentation instead of just making up
random stuff for pantic AI and so it can
perform rag with this function right
here uh to match with certain chunks in
the vector database and then we also
have a tool to list all the
documentation Pages available to it so
if it doesn't just want to perform rag
but actually read an entire
documentation page it can use this tool
to figure out which pages are available
to it and then use our third and final
tool right here to get the contents of
specific Pages like maybe it wants to
read up on an example in the pantic AI
docs or the page that talks about
defining tools whatever it might be it
can use this function to actually do
that so this agent will intell ently use
these three tools together to get all
the documentation that it thinks it
needs to then give us all of this code
right here that we have defined in this
structure to produce that pantic AI
agent for us now to actually run this
agent again going back to the readme I
have a streamlet interface that I set up
I'm not going to go over this in detail
right now just a very basic streamlet
interface to work with I pantic AI agent
which by the way you can use this as a
reference point if you want to use
streamlit for pantic AI so another nice
little resource for you there but yeah
we just will run this Command right here
to spin up our interface I actually
already have it up and running here um
because I'm going to show you an example
run of when I was using archon V1 just
to show again the shortcomings of this
so that we can talk about why we want to
graduate to version two and then I'll
show you how to build that with pantic
AI and Lane graph together so for the
example for this agent I'm just asking
it to build me an agent that can answer
questions about code in a GitHub repo
that I give a URL to so essentially just
the GitHub agent that I've been building
as a part of my series on YouTube
showing you how to build AI agents and
the results that we get from this are
okay I mean it's still actually probably
better than if we were to ask wind surf
or GPT or deep seek or something to
build an AI agent with pantic AI cuz
those guys they have no context over
pantic AI they don't understand the
documentation at all at least this agent
does and you can definitely tell by the
way that it set things up and used
function decorators and things like that
that it does understand pantic AI though
I will say that the results they're not
going to run right out the gate it
didn't Define the agent correctly the
tools don't look optimal to me I guess
the dependencies are okay but then one
big thing is it didn't say I need any
environment variables even though I very
much do need my open AI API key if I
were to use actually it doesn't even
tell me the model so that's certainly
broken and then also we' probably need a
g API key as well unless we're only
going to be cloning public repos so
definitely not an ideal implementation
overall it kind of works and if you have
specific use cases for your AI agents
that might be simple and something like
just pantic AI would suffice you don't
need the added complexity of building
with Lang graph as well but you can see
for this use case specifically without
optimizing a lot more with the system
prompt or better tools anything like
that I definitely need more and that's
where a graph approach an a gentic
workflow to actually make sure that it's
reading through the pantic AI
documentation correctly and using it
correctly is super super important and
so I really do want to preface what I'm
about to show you by saying like maybe
there are other ways to optimize besides
moving to a graph approach um like maybe
like I said better system prompts or
different tools to analyze the
documentation differently um maybe even
bringing in the ptic AI GitHub
repository right now it's just the
documentation pages but like overall
that might take just as much work as it
is to move to this graph approach and
I'm getting some really good results
with version two of archon so with this
kind of as the context as to why we'd
really need that let's go on to building
version two with pantic AI and Lang
graph together so this is the graph for
the agentic workflow that we're about to
make for archon using pantic Ai and L
graph together and that's one of the
beauties of using Lang grath is you can
visualize your workflows without having
to put in any extra work I did not
create this myself all I did and you can
do this too you can go to version two of
archon in the GitHub repo or it's at the
root of the repo at the time of
recording set everything up with the
readme get your python environment set
up and then run the command Lang graph
Dev and that'll spin up this studio UI
open in your browser automatically and
then boom you'll have this there where
you can visualize all the nodes in the
workflow that I'm about to show you how
to create from scratch and so you can
already see that there's a lot more
going on essentially version one was
just the code coder agent right here so
a request would come through to build an
agent and this guy would perform regag
look at specific documentation Pages
whatever to actually produce the final
agent for you but now with version two
with lra we have a few different pantic
AI agents involved first of all we are
using a reasoning llm at the start of
the workflow something like deep seek R1
or open aai 03 mini and this guy is
going to take the requirements from the
user like the agent that they want to
build and create a full scope document
outlining everything that needs to be
created and it's going to pick out
certain pantic AI documentation pages
that it thinks the primary coder agent
should use rag to look up to actually
have the right context to build the
agent and that alone improves the
results a lot and then we have this Loop
here where the agent is going to code up
another pantic AI agent and then get
feedback from the user and then iterate
on that and we could go through this
forever until the user finally decides
yep it created a good agent let's move
on this is using a really important
Concept in Lang graph and other agentic
workflow tools called human in the loop
and that's something I really want to
demonstrate here because llms
hallucinate all the time and so
practically any AI agent you would ever
want to make you want some sort of human
improval involved to approve certain
actions before you go on to the next
stage in a workflow to give feedback
whatever it might be and so I'm going to
show you how to do that right here and
then once the user says that the AI
agent is good then we have this final
agent that kind of wraps up the
conversation by summarizing everything
into the final AI agent for you and
instructions to run it as well and
overall this is a pretty basic
implementation in Lang graph but that's
where I want to start with version two
of archon and a lot of the things that I
chose for the general structure of this
graph is more just to teach you all the
concepts that I really want to focus on
like human in the loop and then through
future iterations of Aron that's when
we're really going to hone in on the
things that actually make it work the
best and really start to build this out
into a full workflow that'll avoid a ton
of different hallucinations with
creating agents and and things like that
right now starting simple but we still
get a lot better results so let me show
you this really quick so exact same
question that I asked version one of
Arcon and this time we definitely get
some better results so first of all we
even get like a little bit of a
breakdown initially I mean just the fact
that we give this scope document from
the Reasoner into the coder means that
it just has so much more information to
pull from to give us a more robust
response so we get a file breakdown here
then we get the code implementation the
tools are looking a lot better it
defines the agent and actually specifies
in llm now I mean maybe not the choice
we'd want necessarily with GPT 40 but it
defines it correctly and then we have
the tools populated the prompts file
populated the environment variables
actually make sense this time and it's
not all perfect right now but it still
looks so much better and even gives us
some additional instructions as well
just like you can tell that there is a
lot more involved in giving me this
response compared to archon V1 and it's
all thanks to this agentic flow that has
a Reasoner a feedback loop and then it's
got an agent at the end that can help
summarize everything with instructions
as well so with that in mind we can
really start to see the power of using
pantic Ai and laying graph together now
let's actually go and implement this
graph from scratch here we go let's get
into building archon V2 together we're
going to do it completely from scratch
because as I promised earlier I want
this to be a true Deep dive into
building with L graph and integrating it
with pantic AI as well so just like with
V1 we have this read me here that shows
you how to get everything set up
including running things locally as well
so just to make things quick right now
I'm going to be using open AI but I've
actually tested this agent with deep
seek R1 distill 7B for my Reasoner model
and quen 2.5 instruct 14b for my coding
model and and it actually kicked butt I
got some really good results using those
local llms the only thing I will say is
you still need open AI for the
embeddings model that's a dependency
that I'm going to get rid of in future
versions of archon so that you can do
things entirely locally but you can have
your agents be local and I got some
really good results with that so follow
along with this Remy to get everything
set up just like you would with V1
couple of other things to get set up as
well but the thing that we're going to
be building from scratch here is our
graph that will actually tie all these
agents together including the pantic AI
coder agent that we still have as the
core agent within this workflow here and
as we're building out this graph I'm
going to be showing this UI pointing out
the different nodes that we're building
just to use this as a visual reference
to make this entire walkthrough as clear
as I possibly can because even though
this is a more simple L graph
implementation there are still a lot of
moving Parts here and different agents
that we have to build and work with and
so I'm going to be using this a lot to
make that pretty nice and clear and so
yeah let's go ahead and start building
our graph for archon v2 now if you bet a
100 bucks that at the start of all of my
Python scripts I import my packages as
my first step you're going to get $100
every single tutorial that I have here
so yeah first thing importing all the
packages that we need for things like
Lang graph and pantic AI as well then
we'll load in some of our configuration
like our environment variables which you
can set all that up before you run this
so be sure to create your own version
ofv based on the example here fill in
Things based on if you want to use llama
for local llms go through open AI
whatever it might be and then hook in
your super base as well and then we're
also going to not use log fire for our
loging monitoring that you can use with
pantic AI it's built in I'm going to
turn this off for now but we'll
configure this later for archon as well
then we're going to pull in our
environment variables and so we have our
base URL this is how we can configure if
we want to go through open AI or olama
or open router and then we have our llm
API key that we're going to need need
for anything except for olama obviously
with AMA we don't need that because it's
running entirely locally on our machine
and then we also want to determine if we
are running olama based on if Local Host
is in our base URL and the reason that
I'm doing this is because olama within
pantic AI doesn't support streaming like
the other providers do I'm not really
sure why I think it's a bug in pantic AI
that I really hope they fix because
right now when you use AMA you have to
wait for the entire output from the LM
before you can display it to the screen
instead of having it type out the
characters as it is producing them and
so we'll just see a little bit of a
difference there in how we call our
pantic AI agents if we're using olama or
not the next thing that we want to do is
Define our Reasoner agent and so this is
our first pantic AI agent that is going
to be responsible for basically managing
this first node here that we have in our
workflow to actually create the scope
for the AI agent that we are building
and so it's going to be an open AI model
but we're going to override the base URL
which is how we can use a local llm or
not and same with the API key and then
the model we're fetching this from our
environment variable and we're just
going to be defaulting to 03 mini if
nothing is specified but you can set up
a custom AMA model that you've created
like I built this one that also has a
larger context link so it doesn't mess
things up a bunch and that's this is
where you set up your Reasoner model and
then we create our actual pantic AI
agent with the system prompt as well
just keeping it super super simple and
then we want to create our router agent
and so this guy is just going to use the
same llm as whatever we use for our
coder agent like GPT 4 mini uh quen 2.5
instruct whatever it might be and the
reason that we need this agent here is
because we have to determine within this
Loop when we want to break out and
actually end the conversation so the
router is going to take the latest user
request and determine are they saying
the agent is good and we can continue to
finish the conversation or do I have to
go through another loop here and go back
to the coder agent so that's what this
guy is going to be responsible for we'll
build that node later as well and then
we have our final agent when the
conversation is ended this agent its
only job is just to kind of summarize a
conversation give the code for the agent
and then instructions for running it as
well so the user can take the end of
that conversation and just copy those
commands to execute the agent on their
computer so that's everything for our
agents and now we just needed to find
dependencies for all of these pantic AI
agents so we have our open AI client
which we need for the embeddings for Rag
and then our superbase client as well to
actually perform rag in our superbase
database and then the first thing that
we need in Lang graph whenever we Define
any graph here we can't just go right
into defining all these nodes and
connecting them together we have to
manage the state for our graph and so
let me actually show this here all the
different items that we have right here
here that we can see in the Lang graph
UI these are all pieces of information
that we want to keep track of throughout
the entire execution of the graph like
the messages for example it doesn't
matter which node we are in we need this
more Global state that keeps track of
things that the entire conversation
cares about like the scope that the
Reasoner creates that we might want to
use in any of these uh nodes or the
message history that we're going to use
in pretty much every single one of these
except this guy right here
and so all that is defined in global
state for our graph and so for a
specific execution of our graph like
creating a single AI agent these things
are going to be set up individually for
each execution of our graph and so you
have something like maybe a conversation
ID or a thread ID you pass that into
Lang graph and it's going to manage the
state independently for each one of
those conversation IDs essentially so
you can have multiple executions of the
graph all on at the same time and
they're all going to manage separate
State and that's how you can have these
different conversations happening all at
once um so that's our state now we can
Define our first node and this is going
to be the defined scope with Reasoner so
this first guy right here we are now
creating the actual node that's going to
use the Reasoner agent that we already
set up and this one is going to be
pretty simple first of all we're going
to use this function that we have from
the pantic AI coder I'll just show this
right here
let me scroll down this one right here
this function to fetch all of the pantic
AI documentation pages that are
available in
superbase and then we're going to Define
our prompt which is going to ex include
all these documentation Pages as well so
we're telling the Reasoner model that we
want to create a scope a document that
outlines everything that we have to
create for our AI agent and we're also
telling it to pick out a few
documentation pages that it thinks are
relevant for creating this agent this is
a little rudimentary there's probably
much better ways to use a Reasoner to
set the stage for this graph um but
still a really solid example here and so
now to actually leverage this Reasoner
it's very simple with pantic AI just
Reasoner do run we get the scope from
the result we'll even write it out to a
file here so we can see the results um
after it executes I'll show this right
here we'll get something that kind of
looks like this I'll just kind of open
that preview for the read me here so
this is a scope um that g gbt 40 mini
actually produced um so when I showed
you that example earlier with version
two of archon I actually used 40 mini
for my Reasoner just to not be kind of
unfair to version one because 03 mini is
so powerful that 40 mini is a much
fairer comparison to use for Reasoner LM
When comparing to V1 but anyway so that
that's the scope document right
here and then we're just going to return
the scope of scope so in Lang graph when
you want to update the state the global
state that we're tracking for this
execution of the graph at the end of Any
Given node you just have to return an
object where you have the key that maps
to the specific value that you want to
update and then the value that you
actually want to update it to so when we
first execute our graph we're at the
starting point right here the scope
value is just going to be undefined or
maybe whatever we start the graph with
but once we Define the scope with
Reasoner we actually have this state
updated so then scope is going to
permanently have this value that the
Reasoner defined unless we change it in
some other node in the graph and so
that's how we update the state and
that's going to stick with us forever so
we can now use this scope as a value
that we put into another prompt in
another node for example that's actually
what we're going to do in a little bit
here so that is our very first node next
up we want to create the node for our
coder agent and again as promised just
going through this as our visual
constantly here we're creating our coder
agent now so this is the main guy in
this workflow it's going to be doing
most of the work pretty much especially
if the user has a lot of feedback they
want to give to the coder agent and this
is going to be using our primary pantic
AI Cod or agent that we're using in V1
but this time we're giving it a lot of
extra context as well that the Reasoner
gave in the scope and so we're creating
our dependencies here which is going to
be the superbase client and the open a
client just like with with V1 of arcom
but now we have this third dependency
here because we want to inject the scope
that the Reasoner created dynamically
into the system prompt for our pantic AI
coder agent and so I added this third
dependency here so pantic AI coder dopy
it's exactly the same as what we have
for the same file in V1 except I have
this third dependency here and the way
that you can dynamically inject things
into the system prompt
is in pantic AI you can reference at and
then the name of the agent like at
pantic AI coder do system prompt and
just like the tools like we have the
retrieve relevant documentation tool we
have this context that pantic AI
automatically passes in as a parameter
to the function and it does that for
these dynamic system prompt functions as
well and so we can reference the
Reasoner output from the context and add
add that into the system prompt so
whatever we return from this function is
added onto the primary system prompt
that we have right here and so that is
how we are able to dynamically add
whatever scope the Reasoner puts out
into the system prompt for our coder
agent and the reason we want to add it
into the system prompt is the system
prompt is where you define the behavior
and the general rules for your agent and
definitely the scope of what we are
creating is more of a overarching thing
that we want to have have in the system
prompt instead of somewhere in the
conversation history so I hope that
makes sense you can look at the pantic
AI documentation for dynamic system
prompts if you want to dive into it
anymore but that is why we are adding
this as a third dependency for our
pantic AI agent and then we're going to
get all of the conversation history that
we currently have in the state right
here I mean when we first execute it's
going to be an empty list but as we're
getting feedback from the user this
message state is going to be built up
over time and I'll show how we do that
in a little bit as well so we have to
fetch this and then we're um using this
model messages type adapter from pantic
AI to turn this into the format that we
can actually pass into a pantic AI agent
so that's really important to keep in
mind that the format that we store the
state in for the messages this is a
different format than what we actually
need to give to a pantic AI agent so we
have to do a little bit of conversion
when we get the results from the agent
and also when we refetch the message
history to pass back into the agent and
I'll show more what that looks like in a
little bit as well so we get our message
history and then if we are running with
olama we can't actually stream the
output to our interface and so we have
to use this concept of a writer which we
can pass into any function that we want
in Lane graph this is given
automatically into any function that we
want and we're just going to call our
agents so pantic AIC coder run we give
it the latest message from the user as
the current prompt pass in our
dependencies and then we pass in the
message history that we created right
here as well so that's how we call our
agent by the way the way that we get the
latest user message from the state this
is actually passed into the graph
through whatever user interface we are
using so again to explain this clearly
I'll go back to my graph right here when
we execute our graph for the first time
latest user message
is what we pass in so I'd say like hello
and then that goes through the graph
here the scope is defined maybe a better
example I can say build me a weather
agent so this is going to be our first
message from the user so that scope is
defined and then we go into coder agent
where the scope this is going to be
defined as whatever the Reasoner
specified and then the latest user
message is going to be whatever we
specified when we started the graph um
and so the way that we do that in Lang
graph I'll just show that really quickly
here when we execute a lang graph graph
in streamlet we just pass in this object
right here where we say that the latest
user message is whatever they inputed
into the streamlet UI and so we leverage
this within our node right here the
state within the state we're getting the
latest user message and again this is
one of the things that we have defined
right here in our Global State for the
graph that's how we get the message from
the user so we rely on the interface
right here here our UI to pass in this
value to the start of our graph so I
hope that makes sense and then we just
write out the results this is kind of
mocking a stream right here because we
want streamlet to be able to expect
things to be streamed out in case we
aren't using AMA um but we also don't
want to we we can't use pantic AI
streaming with AMA for some reason so
that's just kind of a little thing I
hope that they fix here but anyway if we
are not using olama then we can actually
use the run stream command to stream out
the output get the chunks one at a time
to put out to the front end in real time
so again we're using the latest user
message State the dependencies and the
message history and then as we are
receiving the chunks asynchronously we
are going to write them out to the front
end and that is it and now we have our
result from our pantic AI coder so at
this point we have version one of our AI
agent that it's created in this node
right here
so at this point we've executed these
two now it is time to get feedback from
the user whether or not we want to
continue on to finish the conversation
or iterate more on the agent and so
first of all we want to take the
messages that we got back all of the new
messages that we got from this
conversation which will include any tool
calls as well this is super important
this will include all the results from
Rag and everything that we can add into
the conversation history so that the
agent retains that cont context that's
super important we're adding these on to
the messages so now the messages state
is going to include all the old messages
the user prompt and all the new messages
and Tool calls and stuff as well so
that's how we're building up the
conversation history over
time so now the next thing that we want
to do is add in this human in the loop
interrupt because now it's time to
return to our streamlet interface or
whatever interface that we are using for
our us Y and get the next message from
the user conversation and another way
that you can do this is you could just
end the graph and then have a complete
reentry when the user's next message
comes in I just wanted to set it up this
way to show you human in the loop
because essentially what we're going to
do is we use this concept in L graph
called an interrupt that's essentially
their way to do human in the loop so we
have this interrupt and this object
right here is how you can pass certain
values into the front end like maybe the
agent is requesting a certain kind of
feedback so you would add that into the
object here to display in the front end
in this case I don't actually have
anything extra that I want to display so
I just have an empty bracket here and so
it's going to essentially on the front
end just look like it's time for the
user to enter in their message so they
type in whatever they want and then I'm
setting the latest user message to
whatever that value is that comes
through when I call the graph again
after that human in the loop interrupt
and so in my streamlet code right here
you can see that if I'm starting the
conversation I invoke the graph this way
but then if it is a continued
conversation I use this command
narrative right here and I'm resuming
with the value of user input and so I'm
not going to get too technical in
explaining exactly how this works but
essentially using this Command right
here is how you resume the graph at the
current execution and whatever you pass
in right here for resume equal is what
is given as the value and then we're
returning this object right here
because now we are updating the user
messages state with whatever they typed
in when we have that interrupt so I hope
that makes sense that is this node right
here so now we're going to resume
execution back to the coder agent and
I'll show you at the end of this code
how we actually set up all of these
different nodes and their connections as
well U but let's actually finish
defining all of these nodes here um
because the next one that we need to
Define is our router and this is the
agent that is going to to determine did
the user say that the agent is good and
we can finish the conversation or do we
have to go back to the coder agent and
so this is my prompt for that based on
the latest message from the user that we
just set right here I'm going to see if
we want to end the conversation or
continue and I could use structured
output there definitely is a better way
I could do this but this works pretty
well haven't had an issue with this
we're just going to run the router agent
with this prompt and then the next
action is either going to be finish
conversation or it's going to be coder
agent so if it's finished conversation
then we're going to move on to the last
node in the graph otherwise we're going
to loop back so that's what this does
right here all you have to do with Lang
graph for your router nodes is just
return the name of the node that you
want to go to when you have a choice
between going to one or the other and
we'll see that in a little bit when we
actually Define the connections between
our nodes at the end of this file here
all right so now very last node that we
got here this is the one to finish a
conversation and so just like the other
coder agent node we create the
conversation history that we want to
pass into pantic Ai and then if it's AMA
we just call the end conversation agent
again just kind of mocking the stream
here we're just running synchronously in
this case everything else is kind of uh
set up the same here um and then
otherwise we're going to call our run
stream on our end conversation agent and
so again with the system prompt we're
telling the end conversation agent to
just kind of summarize the conversation
give the final code for the agent and
then the instructions to run it as well
so we're just going to stream this out
to the front end all the chunks for that
last message there uh finally update the
messages in our state so that the
conversation history is updated again
just like we did with our coder agent a
very similar setup here and we're using
Json for the message State here so again
we're turning this into a format that we
actually want to store so it's actually
binary Json it's kind of weird that
pantic AI does it this way but when you
fetch the Json from the new messages
from calling a pantic AI agent it turns
it into binary Json that's what we're
putting into this messages state right
here and then when we convert it back
into the what we want to pass into
pantic AI using the model messages
adapter we're turning it into um
whatever format like the objects that
pantic AI uses to represent the
different messages from that binary Json
on so that is it so now we can create
this Builder right here based on the
state that we have defined for our graph
and we can add in all of our nodes so we
have our scope definer with the Reasoner
llm our coder agent the one that has the
interrupt to get the messages from um us
and then finally our finished
conversation agent and now we get to set
our edges and so what we just defined
here is all these individual nodes but
now we have to Define how they all
connect together and so first up
the start of our graph is going to
immediately connect to the Reasoner node
then we're going to connect the Reasoner
to the coder agent there's no routing at
this point it's just straight shot that
goes right to the Reasoner then right to
the coding agent and then the coding
agent goes right to that node that gets
the next message from the user and then
this is where we get into a conditional
Edge because now we're finally at the
point where we have a decision to be
made this blue node right here can
either follow this this blue arrow or
this blue arrow and we have to figure
out what that is and the way that we do
that is we use the route user message
function so that's this one right here
this one that we defined that Returns
the name of the next node to go to so if
we return coder agent we're going to go
to this node right here otherwise if we
return finish conversation we're going
to go to finish conversation very nice
and easy to understand how these
conditional edges work in Lan graph
these are the kind of things that Lan
graph really helps you with like
wouldn't be easy to Define all of these
pantic AI agents and start connecting
them together without having a tool like
Lang graph to orchestrate it all
together have these simple routing
functions have all this Global State
defined that you can update super easily
I mean I hope you can really see how
using a tool like glang graph is so
powerful and then using pantic AI to
create all these individual agents that
are super easy to run I hope that you
can just see the power of using these
together and then we just have our final
edge here which finished conversation
just goes to end and then we add in our
memory so that we can actually have chat
persistence for L graph and then we
compile our graph and that's it it is
that easy and also this is using
inmemory uh for storing all of the state
for each execution of the graph I would
highly recommend using a sqlite or
postgress memory saver um which you can
look at the L graph documentation for
that definitely going to be adding that
in for future iterations of archon but
just keep things simple right now
everything is just running in memory so
when I execute my python script and I've
just got it running in the terminal here
it's going to just be storing all the
things in my Ram for um you know the
chat histories and the scope and
everything that I have defined in the
state right here so that is everything
for our graph took a little bit to go
through that that was yeah like a solid
20 minutes of walking through everything
with L graph but I really did want this
to be a super comprehensive overview of
everything that goes into this and if
you have any questions at all for
anything that I might have explain the
best and maybe the visual didn't really
help you understand how something might
have worked just let me know in the
comments I love to help you understand
anything that I didn't do a deep enough
dive into here but I'm going to continue
to on my channel just keep doing deeper
and deeper Dives in a l graph and pantic
AI because it is really incredible the
kind of things that you can build with
this and then I'm not going to go over
the streamlet interface a ton right here
but like you can see it's only like 115
lines of code like overall setting up an
entire chat interface to work with a
lang graph implementation is super easy
and the way that you call it right here
I went over this a little bit already
but you just run this a stream command
on the agentic flow so what I created at
the very bottom right here is what I'm
importing in my streamlet UI this right
here and that's all I'm using right here
so let me go back down to it so I'm
calling a stream again passing in the
latest user message either when I'm
continuing from a human in the loop or
at the very start of the conversation
and then the way that I get this custom
writer that's the kind of the last thing
that I want to cover right here when you
see that I have the uh writer that's
passed in to coder agent and also passed
in to finish conversation this is
automatically injected when I tell
stream or tell Lang graph that I want my
stream mode to be custom so there's a
lot of little things that took me a bit
to figure out for you so I hope this
gives you a lot of value not having to
go through the pain that I had to just
to work through a couple of the the
little glitches to make sure that Lang
graph and pantic AI could actually work
really well together so I hope that you
find that super helpful um so that
that's that and now let's just go go
through another Quick Test here and just
have fun with this now that we have a
build if you have made it this far
congratulations this was not a super
simple implementation but I hope that
you can see how powerful this really is
and I hope I made it very clear for you
as well and that those graph
visualization helped too but now we get
to actually play around with this and
have fun I know that we tried it out
already earlier when I was comparing it
to V one but let's just have some fun
with this so I'm going to use the full
power now with 03 mini for my Reasoner
and gbt 40 for the main Cod agent just
going to build the example that I have
right here just a simple web search
agent let's see how it does and so yeah
we got the terminal right here we can
watch things come in in real time first
we have 03 mini that's going to create
that scope document for context for our
coding agent and 03 mini is not the
fastest because it's a Reasoner model
but I mean actually that was pretty
quick so we're already going over to our
pantic AI coder agent that is performing
rag looking at the documentation pages
and now also getting those pages for
extra context right here from the pantic
AI docs and look at this this is so cool
so all right we got our dependencies
right here which is our HTTP client and
our brave API key we're using open AI
gbt 40 for our model it's got a system
prompt it's defining the dependencies
correctly this is looking really really
good then we've got our tool that's got
The Decorator this is looking good we
got our brave API from the pantic AI
context this is looking incredible
Perfect Tool implementation main
function looks good and then it tells us
that we don't need anything in the tools
and prompts because it has it defined
all right here and then for our. example
file it looks like it missed the open AI
API key I think we would probably need
that but at least it has the brave API
key so not perfect I mean you can
definitely see why we're going to need
future iterations of archon um but this
is looking so good compared to archon V1
trying to build this kind of agent with
GPT or cursor or any kind of AI coding
assistant this absolutely knocks it out
of the park just so cool to see the kind
of things that it can build so
absolutely phenomenal all right that is
a wrap for our Deep dive into pantic Ai
langra and archon and trust me I have
some big plans with archon I really want
to turn this into a revolutionary open-
Source agent that can completely change
the way that we build agents and and
make these coding Frameworks accessible
to non-coders as well so definitely
stick around and tune in future content
as well if you are interested in archon
or just interested in using pantic Ai
and L graph because I'm going to keep
using archon as a way to teach all this
stuff in a very clear and concise way so
if you appreciated this content and
you're looking forward to more things
with pantic AI and Lang graph I would
really appreciate a like and a subscribe
and with that I will see you in the next
video